When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    There are two great positive things I see. 
    First of all, you will not depend of your machine to keep your files 
    because it will stay on the cloud.
    Second, other people can contribute with your project.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    Because sometimes my changes may be unfinished and I do not want to share 
    these changes until it's ready.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks is similar to clones where you do a copy from the original remote repository,
    both are remote repositories and the copy has a indentification of the original repository. I use this when a whant a clone of an existing repository but I won't 
    to lose the original repository and its reference.
    Clones is a copy of a repository into your machine, when you clone a repository,
    you lose the origin of it repository. I use this when I whant to work in a repository
    localy in my machine.
    Branches belong an unique repository, it's a copy from another branch in the same
    repository. I use this when I want to do a subversion of my files into the repository
    or when I want to develop new features and I won't to break the master branch.


What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    You can work in the most recently version of the files and avoid conflit changes
    when you push the changes to the remote.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    This answer depends of the tool you are using. But the true is that using Git and GitHub
    these collaborative tasks are more easy and controlled.

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When I work in a task that requires many time to be done and have lot of commits.
